projects.md, before:

4/19-4/24 [
  making sure to get daily commits 
  created a resume only using html/css without looking at any outside resources 
  worked on a very simple blog style layout to test the difference between flexbox and float layouts 
  commandline script that reads through the text files in a directory and writes the contents of every 3rd line to a new file in a seperate directory

  making this TIL repo for what I have been up to
  read through some articles about mindset and mental models
  
]

4/24-4/26 [
  worked on remaking an old copy of a website I created when I first started 
    - removed the boostrap styling from the original and added my own flexbox layout
    - redesign the artwork image layout and changed a few aspects of the modal to not take up the whole screen when opened
      - chrome seems to have some issues with how the images are sized within the modal but things seem to be working better on firefox at the moment
    - redesigned the contact form and added a php file to display the results of the submitted form to show that everything worked and the data was handled
    - reworked the layout to have a better chance of working on mobile. There are still some issues to work out for sure but it is much better than it was before
    - added sematic html5 tags for better document outlining 
    - deployed the updated site to heroku
]

4/27-5/3 [
  worked on making a modal sign in form that appears when a button on the nav is clicked
    - used flexbox to create the form and make it a responsive design
  also worked on implementing BEM into projects I already created
    - added them to the full site I worked on and to the basic resume
  messed around in the shell trying to make a script to shuffle all the music I have
    - process started still a decent amount of work to go though
  also made changes to the way I work with git to get a better understanding of the process of commits
]

5/4-5/10 [
  Messing around with fetch and the data returned from an API
  Slow project week working through a lot of class material
]

5/11-5/17 [
  Simple JS quiz about Lord of the Rings
    first with just a single display of questions
    second with a slide show type movement between questions
  Some of the Wes Boss JS30 course material
  Still messing around with a fetch and a simple card like display of the returned data
]

5/18-5/24 [

]

Commit message:

added some new sections about concepts to learn in the future

projects.md, after:

4/19-4/24 [
  making sure to get daily commits 
  created a resume only using html/css without looking at any outside resources 
  worked on a very simple blog style layout to test the difference between flexbox and float layouts 
  commandline script that reads through the text files in a directory and writes the contents of every 3rd line to a new file in a seperate directory

  making this TIL repo for what I have been up to
  read through some articles about mindset and mental models
  
]

4/24-4/26 [
  worked on remaking an old copy of a website I created when I first started 
    - removed the boostrap styling from the original and added my own flexbox layout
    - redesign the artwork image layout and changed a few aspects of the modal to not take up the whole screen when opened
      - chrome seems to have some issues with how the images are sized within the modal but things seem to be working better on firefox at the moment
    - redesigned the contact form and added a php file to display the results of the submitted form to show that everything worked and the data was handled
    - reworked the layout to have a better chance of working on mobile. There are still some issues to work out for sure but it is much better than it was before
    - added sematic html5 tags for better document outlining 
    - deployed the updated site to heroku
]

4/27-5/3 [
  worked on making a modal sign in form that appears when a button on the nav is clicked
    - used flexbox to create the form and make it a responsive design
  also worked on implementing BEM into projects I already created
    - added them to the full site I worked on and to the basic resume
  messed around in the shell trying to make a script to shuffle all the music I have
    - process started still a decent amount of work to go though
  also made changes to the way I work with git to get a better understanding of the process of commits
]

5/4-5/10 [
  Messing around with fetch and the data returned from an API
  Slow project week working through a lot of class material
]

5/11-5/17 [
  Simple JS quiz about Lord of the Rings
    first with just a single display of questions
    second with a slide show type movement between questions
  Some of the Wes Boss JS30 course material
  Still messing around with a fetch and a simple card like display of the returned data
]

5/18-5/24 [
  working on another simple fetch card display for beer, trying to have the return based on either the IBU or ABV of the beer to practice some query params for the api call
  
]
